yeah i understand
well the orders are in we're back at hq
and it's time for us to review the most
challenging portion
of fifteen hundred dollar sipc secret
shopper project secret agent
magnum
ti thank you forgot your name again
this
is how all of our competitors responded
to a fairly rudimentary technical
support request
hi there um i just was setting up the
computer i bought for my brother and
i noticed that in the system it says
there's only eight gigabytes of memory
but in the order it's supposed to be 16.
ifixit's protect toolkit gives you the
tools you need to tackle any electronics
repair challenge visit ifixit.com
forward slash linus at the link below to
get yours today
[Music]
so
so first it's our favorite alienware
thank you for calling alienware the
quickest way to get you to the right
support agent is to get your products
express service code this is different
from your service tag or asset id
i
don't know what my service card would be
system is listed under premium support
warranty this is easy basically so i'm
gonna need
to
transfer you
to bring your support is this five
minutes already of just pier
about
are we just sitting here in silence
again
hello
is it me you're looking forward no you
know you're not doing on hold right when
you have to come back and say hello
thank you very much for waiting are we
15 minutes into this call and they
haven't even gotten as far as
who are you
and what do you have
are we being asked for the order number
again okay ma'am just stay connected
i'll transfer your call to the technical
department
we're not at the technical department
yet
thank you for calling dell basic
hardware warranty support where you have
your system service tag or the expert
service code do you just ask for all our
information again oh my god we're
explaining the problem again
oh i'm extremely sorry to hear that
man this should have not happened well
you should not have happened yes okay
thank you
astounding observation skills
i can just go ahead and connect your
calls
with the union weight apartment okay now
are we getting transferred again
we have had nearly half a dozen people
that we've talked to at alienware in
pre-sales and after sales support
just
put us on hold for a minute at a time
why what we need to do
is open a computer and just double check
that you have two because it could be
that one rom is not uh
connect it's not
um like it needs to be
like reset or reconnected can you open
uh this uh the aurora hard drive to
check if you have the tuba
um
i could are you able to guide me through
it i don't actually know that much about
computers
yes of course see she's a remote then
and then she goes to youtube
and shows us the video about how to
access the memory
okay all right well i'm okay with that
on this video we'll teach you how to
replace your ram modules on the aurora
r5
nothing beats off peeling plastic covers
off your new aurora again to alienware's
credit this system is pretty
straightforward to get at sorry is this
the right video or are you looking for a
different one yeah this is the right
video so it says r5 but uh basically
it's the same
structure so basically you have to open
that panel
do i need to unplug it first
no basically you don't need to uh okay
so yeah you need to unplug the computer
and turn it off
but
basically we're not gonna
touch any
we're just gonna check if you have the
true world when you turn it no it's
actually yeah
there you go janice's first first ram
swap everyone
ladies and gentlemen
so in summary do i understand this
correctly
it took just shy of a full hour
with five
separate departmental transfers to
diagnose a ram stick that came loose
during shipping
hopefully the next one can do better
here we go
all right origen show me your
leadership now before i proceed i do
need to verify the information that i
have on the account uh could you provide
me with the address that we have on file
okay so it took four minutes to get to
the point where we verified the order
and everything that's not terrible okay
well yeah i definitely
definitely see that the invoice uh says
two eight gigabyte sticks of origin pc
ddr4 3000 megahertz ram
um
it's possible that maybe one of the
sticks uh got loose during transit
possible uh given the vibrations that
the machine undergoes during transit
[Music]
uh you know very possible that one of
the modules came
slightly loose enough uh you know to not
be recognized
this would require you having to
essentially open up your machine uh so
that you can double check on this
um are you familiar with pc hardware to
any extent like uh would you be able to
identify memory modules on a motherboard
um
probably not would you be able to
help me out with that final problem
absolutely you got the email with the
link to the to the dropbox video that's
kind of weird why wouldn't they just
host it on youtube
i gotta say alienware's production
values were a little nicer that's
probably not the way that i would show
most users how to do that ideally
putting
using both your thumbs to put equal
force on each end of the stick and
you'll feel a very noticeable click his
video three out of ten his instructions
solid 9 out of 10. i gotta say janice
for someone who
doesn't seem to have been doing this
before you you you've done this a lot
faster than some of the most of the
customers i i'm on the phone with so
smooth operator
ah interesting so we've actually thrown
an extra curve ball at origin pc here
plugging the hdmi connector into the
motherboard rather than our dedicated
graphics card oh that big card it has a
ribbon cable that goes from the card
itself to the motherboard
and um if that came blue slightly then
you're probably not going to get a
picture okay this is a good explanation
but he's got the wrong diagnosis let's
see how long it takes him and to clarify
when you initially got picture um
do you know whether or not you were
coming out of the graphics card or the
uh or the onboard video on the
motherboard
he's done this before
19 minutes including a detailed
explanation and walk through
of the pebcak with plugging the monitor
into the onboard i o versus the gpu
directly
competence
great job
thank you for calling maingear
manufacturer of award-winning pcs and
workstations now this is the real test
if they can manage to turn an order
number
into like
um that's not the order number i'm not
sure what that is oh
really
the order number would be
five or six digits and start with an
eight or nine okay at least that's clear
instructions all right let me uh let me
remotely connect to your pc and have a
look at a couple things all right
pops up device manager i don't know what
he's expecting to find in device manager
he's probably just kind of like oh i
haven't done this in a little bit hold
on
there it is slots used one of two yep
nope there's definitely only one stick
in there that's crazy um okay let's make
sure that one stick didn't get loose
immediately nails the diagnosis um if
you look inside your machine
do you know where the ram slots are
so 10 minutes to diagnosis you should
see
a uh here let me go look through one as
well so i can be more specific wow okay
nice there should be four or it could be
four or eight but usually it's four
vertical slots oops it's two and it said
that in task manager i guess they don't
sell a lot of low-end stuff i would
usually assume a main gear system
probably has four or eight
let's figure this out so if you could
just shut down the computer shut down
the computer
i'm gonna have you open up the machine
and we're gonna make sure those sticks
are in there properly does he mention to
unplug it though okay so with the
computer shut down i want you to unplug
all the connections from the back of it
all right rock on main gear guy looks
like that's all it was just a loose uh
ram stick but you're uh you're all set
if you um run into any other issues feel
free to give me a call back sure thank
you so much that's it
so excluding some six minutes random
nonsense with our monitor not properly
waking from an hdmi signal etc
about 15 minutes
start
to finish
dang
one quarter of the time and so much less
frustration like it was just friendly
the voice on the other end of the line
is crystal clear
i mean you can't take that kind of thing
for granted honestly like you could
understand the guy
for tech support
straight to tech support like why
doesn't dell have that feature doesn't
seem that complicated if you feel
comfortable looking inside of the pc
remove the left side panel of the
computer pull out the sticks of ram and
simply re-seat them to see if in case
one of them is not treated properly got
the diagnosis is that
uh where would i find that in the
computer
on the motherboard excuse me
did i even just hear you
correctly uh the motherboard
if you don't know what a
ram is i would advise you either seek
help from somebody a family member who
perhaps has a little bit more experience
or have someone help you remove that
stick around and receive them not
everybody has a family member that can
help them that's why they bought a
pre-built smart guy um okay
i don't really know who to ask so you
you're not able to
like
tell me what i'm looking for
i told you the sticks of ram are on the
rambar on the motherboard itself
[Music]
so is it those two vertical
pieces on the upper right hand corner
yes
so your troubleshooting stuff would be
to pull them out and put them back in
but again
be careful with that because if you
don't know what you're doing and you
break something you're going to avoid
all your warranty on the system
thanks buddy
so i just should find someone else to
help me
if you have a family member or a friend
who's tech diver yet
is i bypower employing her friend or
family member
to provide their tech support
so he's just waiting for her to hang up
like
hi yeah not not a problem to not be very
helpful do anything
unreal
in dell's defense they got the problem
solved an hour's investment in getting
your new computer set up or whatever
is not the end of the world given you're
gonna run it for eight or nine years
but to just
treat the customer like an idiot
and outright refuse to help them okay uh
you're not able to
help me through that not my ability to
mimic your ability to look inside a
computer if you're not familiar with the
part it's going to be very difficult to
do anything inside of the pc this
requires more technical skill
it's not my ability it's your ability
completely unacceptable i'm ready it
can't be worse than alienware
oh so they don't even have an easy way
to get in touch with them i actually
don't even mind this form on one
condition it gets best done
when someone picks up the phone
they have read
and understood it hold on i'm
transferring you to someone who can help
you now who do i have the pleasure of
speaking with today
hi my name is janice
[Music]
and the last name toll camp so he
doesn't have the form
what is the purpose of the
holy form
he's asking for her phone number
all right so what we're gonna do is
we're gonna get a hold of the sales
department
why
to get solutions for your hp product
please hang up and go to
www.support.hp.com
where you can troubleshoot or get
software and drivers when your phone
support that you can only call by
finding the number by navigating the
website tells you to go to the website
you done goofed
sorry i still didn't get that just tell
me what kind of product you're calling
about
desktop pc
okay we make many types of desktop pcs
you might say something like pavilion
spectre presario omni touch smart or
envy go ahead and tell me what kind you
have
omen
have your product model and serial
number ready for your agent hold on i'm
transferring you now
okay janice so yeah it looks like they
did ship you out like the configuration
they ship you out does actually have
just eight i don't see a showing 16 like
the one that you ordered
we personally removed half the memory so
unfortunately uh
while i do tech support i'm unable to
access like any of the sales software to
look it up but i can't provide you the
number if you'd like
[Music]
so here's the issue right now
every company we talked to where the rep
had
[Music]
an ounce of experience with pc hardware
immediately identified the problem i'm
not imagining
that this is common okay um i know that
we're trying to get you over to like the
canada sales department did they send
you back over to us
yes
okay uh what did they end up saying um
exactly uh well they did confirm that
like the order was for 16 gigabytes
um
and then i got transferred a bunch of
times and i ended up here somehow
interesting
um let me
let me see here
[Applause]
you should have 16 gigabytes
right yeah that's what i thought as well
probably there's a
um there's a setting that you need to
check or verify that ma'am if it's
security i can connect you to our
technical support what setting makes ram
appear oh the shortcuts are downloading
my app is he actually going to start
trying to troubleshoot for us now
is this is this the magic moment 20
minutes in or whatever let me put you on
a brief hold while i do a little bit
more research here
it shouldn't be any more than about
probably five to seven minutes or so
i'll be right back with you okay janice
thank you for that
okay how long were we on hold 14 minutes
[Music]
14 twice
as long the amount of time we spent on
hold without nothing happening is the
amount of time it took like main giant
origin to resolve the whole problem and
the amount of time that dell spent
incomplete and utter silence
i don't know why they ended up actually
transferring you back over to us that
should have been handled on their side
of things in order to
get that fixed because you just got the
computer it's
well before the 30 day mark and
everything like that they should have
been able to get that going to rectify
the issue for you you had mentioned like
looking in the case and checking or like
seeing if i had the two sticks which i
haven't done i don't know much about
computers so i didn't dare do that
um
should i should i do that first
again janice helping out tech support
here
what can happen while computers are
being shipped and everything they do
gets moved around and everything so it
could end up being that it just needs to
be unplugged and plugged right back in
on both of them because we don't know
which one could be unseated and then it
might actually fix your issue right
there as being able to detect that it
has 16 gigabytes after that okay
he knows
see here's my issue with this guy
because he has mostly come across as
though he pretty much knows what he's
talking about
the issue though is seems to be a policy
one if i had to guess within 30 days
it's sales problem after 30 days tech
support's problem he just was trying
really hard
not to have to
do troubleshooting
instead opting to send free product or
push us back to sales
like it's not like they weren't willing
to solve the problem they just didn't
want to diagnose it
isn't that weird
like eight gigs of ram that's not
insignificant that's like 80 bucks they
were just gonna send it hp managed to be
worse
72 minutes
to get a stick of ram unseated and
reseeded and hp had the advantage of
janice already actually knowing how to
pull out and replace memory by this
point are you ready to declare a tie
origin in main gear
with shockingly dell with that
performance taking the bronze medal here
followed by hp who ultimately did at
least solve the problem with i buy power
in dead
friggin last
they're not even the best they're like
well they just didn't finish the mass
drop control keyboard is constructed
with a solid cnc aluminum frame with a
built-in switch plate that makes it very
stable and extremely durable it's fully
programmable with rgb lighting and qmk
firmware which makes it much easier to
program and gives you more control and
at checkout you can choose between
cherry mx kaiwa and halo switches which
will affect the price depending on your
choice but gives you an incredible
amount of flexibility in terms of the
feel so pick it up today on mass drop
for a limited time through the link in
the video description
stay tuned for the next part where ivan
will be performing autopsies on all the
systems looking in depth at how the
preloaded software came and all that
kind of good stuff in the meantime
though if you guys dislike this video
you can hit that button but if you liked
it hit like get subscribed or maybe
consider checking out where to buy the
stuff we featured at the link in the
video description but not yet let us
finish with the auto season performance
okay also down there is our merch store
which has cool shirts like uh not like
this outward or this outer cool shirt
like this inner cool shirt and our
community forum which you should totally
join